Initial setup for backstage java library (#1)
hmcts/template-java-client: README.md

# template-java-client

Backstage template for bootstrapping java client from open api specification.

> ## purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Purpose
```

> The purpose of this template is to speed up the creation of java client from open api specification within HMCTS. It adds default configuration to be able to create and publish the artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speedy creation of java client from OpenAPI specification within HMCTS. It adds default configuration to be able to create and publish the artifact.
```
